README.md, before:

<div align="center">

<img src="public/logo.svg" width="120" alt="KodaJS Logo" />

# KodaJS

**The Hono-Native Meta-Framework for the Post-Web Era**

[![Phase](https://img.shields.io/badge/Phase-2_Event_Horizon-6366f1?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/kodajs/koda)
[![Bun](https://img.shields.io/badge/Runtime-Bun_Native-f97316?style=for-the-badge&logo=bun)](https://bun.sh)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-22d3ee?style=for-the-badge)](LICENSE)

[Documentation](https://kodajs.github.io) · [GitHub](https://github.com/kodajs/koda) · [Getting Started](#getting-started)

</div>

---

## About

This repository hosts the official documentation and landing page for **Koda Zenith** — the next-generation fullstack meta-framework built on [Hono](https://hono.dev) and optimized for [Bun](https://bun.sh).

Koda Zenith combines:
- **ElysiaJS ergonomics** — End-to-end type safety
- **Laravel/NestJS patterns** — Enterprise architecture
- **Astro-grade performance** — Island rendering, SSG/ISR
- **Future-ready design** — Web3, AI, AR/VR native support

## Development

```bash
# Install dependencies
bun install

# Start dev server
bun run dev

# Build for production
bun run build

# Preview production build
bun run preview
```

## Deployment

This site is automatically deployed to GitHub Pages via GitHub Actions on every push to `main`.

### Manual Deploy

```bash
bun run build
# Output in dist/ folder
```

## Tech Stack

- **[Astro](https://astro.build)** — Static site generator
- **[Tailwind CSS v4](https://tailwindcss.com)** — Styling
- **[Bun](https://bun.sh)** — Runtime & package manager

## Related

- **[Koda Zenith](https://github.com/kodajs/koda)** — The meta-framework
- **[Hono](https://hono.dev)** — Ultralight web framework
- **[Bun](https://bun.sh)** — JavaScript runtime

---

<div align="center">

**Building today for the immersive brutal future.**

© 2026 KodaJS

</div>

Commit message:

style: Use Satellite Logo and add .zen DSL information
- Replaces placeholder logo with Koda Zenith Satellite Logo
- Adds .zen DSL information (Flutter-like UI DX)
- Updates README to reflect new DSL and branding
- Changes GitHub Actions trigger to workflow_dispatch only

README.md, after:

<div align="center">

<img src="public/logo.svg" width="120" alt="KodaJS Logo" />

# KodaJS

**The Hono-Native Meta-Framework for the Post-Web Era**

[![Phase](https://img.shields.io/badge/Phase-2_Event_Horizon-6366f1?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/kodajs/koda)
[![Bun](https://img.shields.io/badge/Runtime-Bun_Native-f97316?style=for-the-badge&logo=bun)](https://bun.sh)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-22d3ee?style=for-the-badge)](LICENSE)

[Documentation](https://kodajs.github.io) · [GitHub](https://github.com/kodajs/koda) · [Getting Started](#getting-started)

</div>

---

## About

This repository hosts the official documentation and landing page for **Koda Zenith** — the next-generation fullstack meta-framework built on [Hono](https://hono.dev) and optimized for [Bun](https://bun.sh).

Koda Zenith combines:
- **ElysiaJS ergonomics** — End-to-end type safety
- **Laravel/NestJS patterns** — Enterprise architecture
- **.koda & .zen DSL** — High-performance fullstack DSLs with Flutter-like DX for UI (.zen)
- **Astro-grade performance** — Island rendering, SSG/ISR
- **Future-ready design** — Web3, AI, AR/VR native support

## Development

```bash
# Install dependencies
bun install

# Start dev server
bun run dev

# Build for production
bun run build

# Preview production build
bun run preview
```

## Deployment

This site is automatically deployed to GitHub Pages via GitHub Actions on every push to `main`.

### Manual Deploy

```bash
bun run build
# Output in dist/ folder
```

## Tech Stack

- **[Astro](https://astro.build)** — Static site generator
- **[Tailwind CSS v4](https://tailwindcss.com)** — Styling
- **[Bun](https://bun.sh)** — Runtime & package manager

## Related

- **[Koda Zenith](https://github.com/kodajs/koda)** — The meta-framework
- **[Hono](https://hono.dev)** — Ultralight web framework
- **[Bun](https://bun.sh)** — JavaScript runtime

---

<div align="center">

**Building today for the immersive brutal future.**

© 2026 KodaJS

</div>
